[Music]
could you imagine if you actually
covered the [__] ever like like Apple
like applesauce texture diarrhea like
just looks like what you applesauce
communities has to be so [__] like
nasty that's low reacting to everything
you say right now that's that's actually
well spaced right now I feel like this
guy made this model from scratch and
this is probably one of the first models
he ever made this is either the guy
himself or that's like that's it that's
either modeled after I do like it be
Andy Serkis or like go y'all ready or he
took like a guy who bullied in high
school put his face at that that's
somebody he knows over here my it's got
that headphone dent you know I'm talking
right yeah that's probably for the
headphones and mixing music all day for
maked black baby
yeah the black baby soundtrack was if
nothing else they're kicking with the
right now their shadows are so big right
you don't be careful oh my god that is
some eldritch [__] that is scary
hey baby can you program it so they do
that for like five seconds but if you
stand it they start crawling through
really quickly for like ten seconds and
then they lowered their heads they stoop
and start walking stooped in at you I
would love that
holy [__] god we can't die now we've
gotten so far
naima Destin is black Katie's life we
have to treat everything oh no did you
need that oh my god all right there were
axes in the middle of that room but uh I
don't know if that information helps now
I don't think
yeah did you speak either got no no mmm
maybe what do you think they get bored
no he that guy was walking there even
before you came around are you sure yeah
I'm gonna go all the way down here one
more time maybe they'll get bored and
walk away like babies one of the most
like likeable game characters right
after York from Deadly Premonition
I'm not kidding black baby is up there
was like Garfield and Mickey Mouse and
like yeah I think this character were
created in the 50s rather than
modern-day he would be iconic just try
to Juke it just go black baby he's a
good character he's not he's not an evil
character he's like a nice Marty's leave
me alone you [__] he's like baby like
this that would venture any white baby
anything that would venture to the
caverns the labyrinth alright wait wait
whoa okay you've you guys are so far
that is so scary look they all stop
running dude there [__] now they don't
know what to do that's really scary
that's like [__] you all right you don't
want to do something stupid here Chris
wait if you go on the other side of this
thing will they kind of go around it and
then you can use that to get past them
again get the hell I don't know I should
get the health food wait if you touch
the ground they'll kind of go towards
you right to the left and then go run
around and get that a trainer like yeah
like you ever had someone try to like
chase you around a table this is stable
that was stupid
that was actually dumb no no no no don't
worry
oh alright remember oh yeah your
original axe but look only one guy
alright this guy in one at a time guys
the maddest oh he's using his left dude
they swap up their legs no I'm scary
they're really smart I told you all
these guys are actually said to you your
high five all of them on the way by just
good game good game
[__] you give me your health this will
be right between the oh yeah all right
whoa did that give me my health a little
bit of it yeah okay this is good this is
actually kind of cool these guys are
like standing in line to get killed
[__] man that's just mean
like that's that's really scary I hate
you've got two axes over by that door
over there
I hate that god damn it only one is
walking towards you keep that two are
okay come on leave me alone leave me
alone I'm a little baby please don't
forget to help dude [__] you damn it's
the scariest game ever made I don't know
this is on purpose or completely by
accident but you think you know the
rules of it and then it just changes on
you that was like the ultimate highs for
that this game gives me that old gamer
feeling where you like you pull off
something you're like I can't believe it
but you've got you've got the goose it's
over your arm right now who's pimples I
like how we were kind of like playing
this ironically but then that genuinely
was like oh wait I'm back here back
where you began what the hell was the
point do you have to call that guy is
that club guy I'm important there was a
door like a door with a with a thing
next to the club guy okay no firewood
there's this original guy you should
craft something I wish I could do that
real life fear to that exact guy oh
you're gonna find the guy who that face
is based off of that angry blue walk
backwards coos mm-hmm go a little bit
further back further back
mm-hmm right here it's your road now let
me show you trick I look look towards
the other side look look look towards
the other into the hallway but don't
move
where you want the other end where
you're gonna run towards it keep move
the camera yeah yeah yeah all right now
hold B and then run forward
you know what the riding I did beat you
didn't with the run of face it only
works in that corridor yeah that's cool
words I know that's like it's a gaming
secret isn't it yeah that's like one of
those classic ones like how Bowser is
inside of Legend of Zelda like inside
the guy uh he keeps her setting he
teleports you halfway yeah you take a
shot at him from down here we this is a
little bit dangerous because if also how
you get out come on now aren't you
trapped in your cousin yeah this is the
most punishing game of all time yeah I
what do you think we're like 5% aim of
the game or do you think we're not chris
said that there were three plus hours of
game baby if I said do you want me to
bring a second game and he said there
will be two plus hours of black babies
because of all this backtracking and
possible dying also it says I have a key
in the top right oh it does say that
that might be the key you picked up from
the first guy though you might need a
second key dude get give me that get
that guy slash fluid slash I don't think
we need to kill the other guy then no I
think you do it's excellent I mean you
could just try to open that door and see
if it pops open but I yeah I probably
would say that it's more likely you have
to kill that dude with the club you know
all these rooms kind of look the same so
it would be just think this some kind of
colored Kody with the rooms like the
blue you're a blue green put a big snake
in one big snake you put me where the
other rooms is so do you think this
whole black baby ordeal do you think
that this is ritualistic or do you think
this is the first time they've ever seen
a black baby this has to be the first
looks it all is even in that guy's face
he looks if that's the face I'd make you
fight some [__] black baby yeah but
it's also the face you'd make if you saw
it tiger or something and you know I'll
show you the face I'll put up that's the
face I make if I start talking
that's the face I would make if I saw
sasquatch that's the face I make if I
saw like this monster and that finally
is the face that I would make if I saw
like they'd be relief
ah okay a whole new world let's see what
longsword game or knowledge tattooed on
his forehead Leda leave you know that
this is a new mechanic I'm noticing
right here
what is this mechanic do tell you that
it's called a staircase made of wood oh
that is anything you're right I did see
the before where the original ones made
of wood or am I just losing my no I
don't know I think that is a different
so it's a different place within the
room I think that is a different with
the black baby they're running dirt on
Coleman with the exit
Oh God Oh God whoa that's [__] with my
perspective I love his like room layouts
he really does look like D every time I
see his face look specifically the video
just like that go back to one where his
face is better let go go back to the
other room I swear it's the same it's
he's also making the exact space -
you're right actually the same head
proportions just like him
what's Berger Andy you don't know what
burger Andy is know is that lurking in
the folder somewhere like ice Poseidon
yeah he was one of that group but I
suppose I didn't pretty much used this
guy because he was so like tragic and
like me everything about him is just
like bad like he gave up his life to
kogo be like an IRL streamer he had like
two kids a wife but he's like I want to
go hang out with my side he's like this
is like it looks like a 40 year old dude
he's probably 30 but he looks 40 and
like there's all these videos of him
ship was just tragic [__] happening to
him like and one one of the video the
best one I think I suppose I'd and said
like yo man come hang out on the party
bus will be my friend so Burger Andy
shows up and then they just they exclude
him and the door slams in his face and
you just see his like sad reflection
it's like a movie moment
yeah he's recording the video but then
the door the bus door closes and you see
his reflection he's making that exact
face yeah it's it's uncanny
oh [__] yeah you put him out of his
misery at least yeah
also I you know II got on that bus oh
but
Oh black baby bound abound maybe as a
door man a man damn thing going blares
no this isn't the real damn thing he's
got beat up like he was blind yeah he
was blind
Oh like I wonder what's going through
those guys heads when they see this crap
Chris what would you think if you look
at your we're doing like - anybody saw
this running around with a torch exactly
like that figure I would assume that
I've like been too stressed or had a
little sleep and I just hallucinating it
all so you're framing that question
wrong Zach the real question is what
would you do if you spent 35 years in
isolation in a [__] labyrinth cave no
less dude that was the first thing you
saw the first sign of life of anything
else dude
I probably run up and kick it in the
head like Christie a cool angle again
can you you can drop it I could just
walk off with it but should I go down
here this looks let's do it why not this
is like if you can throw the torch I
would do that because what if what if
there's a guy down in you double [__]
it versus where you can run around oh
wait yeah you can't see your way back
and you was so scary for nothing oh this
guy's like the master of building
suspense Oh Oh God
what's up here I'm actually scared now
this is like super scared I'm scared
it's gonna be like one of these holes is
just gonna be a huge head yeah like a
guy like 30 times the size that's what
he should do if he hasn't already
oh there's a door down here but you
can't open it means the other direction
must be the way you get the key of it I
wish this game had checkpoints this
that's one thing you I wish you would
add it like it's very maybe that's the
whole point of black babies that that's
the gimmick like you got to do it all or
you don't do it
yeah if it was called like white
middle-class baby it would have
checkpoints every every company's yeah
also this is a differently textured room
is you know that room would look scary
like Silent Hill oh I do think that ski
event would be well served with some
nice kind of reverb II you know you know
if there was reverb it wouldn't sound
really great oh oh oh
back here you've been here what was the
point
hmm oh maybe you used your key like an
idiot
what that's not my [__] fault why
would he do that wait no you had to you
had to use your key because you drop
down that was all you could have done
what was the point of that area yeah you
can't you just walk back into it nothing
area right there's got to be another key
down here maybe there might be something
I I don't know me you might be
overestimating the level of intent if
you're in here I can't believe that the
first [__] place I looked
somehow that was communicated to you I
don't know we all telepathically just
knew it just instinctively yeah there's
some kind of collective consciousness
[__] going on maybe the pyramids were
built from the top if we miss that how
[__] we would have been that this is
the genius of black baby though I want
to see I wouldn't see a five thousand
page op-ed and have great black babies
the genies of like baby yeah I want to
see a video essay called the genius of
black baby [__] oh no oh no now he's
just actually [__] around he's
trolling now I Kris I really think that
guy with the club has a key I think he I
think was right I really think that it's
he's so significantly hard if there were
any guy that would definitely have a key
it would almost for sure be that guy
like baby really does get into your head
in a certain certain sense saying this
black baby no I'm saying that the
prospect the idea of black black baby
yeah not just not just this one
specifically it's not about black baby
the person it's about black maybe the
idea black baby yeah the thing the thing
that the people talk about for thousands
of years yeah Zak what does the color
theory communicate
of this mm-hmm
well the the there's it's warm this
one's too rocky to sleep
gently is that right it's warm but it's
also all the same driving you in turn
right and [__] driving you sleeping
bag therefore does give maybe sounds Dow
yeah I would say the smart super sin
well guys let's all make this let's all
make a baby though he's on three trainee
that same frequency you don't fairy
cave-ins run away he moves so fast we
gotta do all that again ah [__] oh my
god alright don't get that one if I if I
get a running start he can't hit me wait
wait that was good timing
[Laughter]
why are you going to have to run circles
around you can do it you could do it
much much much we don't know you can't
you couldn't if you do it again you have
to run or over three times it's way
harder than you think the and while
you're under pressure with a big [__]
Mountain these guys these guys are
called the mana lifts from now on yeah
that's the official black baby lore the
mana lightest which 2,000 years ago
don't matter lifts of the black babies
doomed
dude I try to run around him again and
cuz he when they turn around like that
what
I swear it's just a crapshoot if you can
actually get around him just go now it's
impossible put a picture of all the fans
raising their hands raising their hands
I'd say P you'll pay what I just you
[__] when I see [__] and you'll school
you and I say sweet score everybody
school teacher with cool cat ears in the
pool tail a possess ok I'm scared I
don't know what maybe I should just run
past them fall down and try to hit him
from low your best bet but for the
distance you have to do yeah you do have
to like go through the step 1 and
getting past and but you get inside on
him I'll never beat this game law
[Music]
[__] bag I could give it a shot I
would see well you try ok oh now that I
have time to not play black baby I can
talk about all sorts of stuff what kind
of topics shall we get into gentlemen
let's talk about the Dow Jones [__]
hate that guy what are you talking about
I'm excluded from all your smart talk
yeah because you're not an American like
us you don't know these things you don't
know [__] I know American history ask me
anything
who was the first american george w bush
alright looking yes i've never seen you
look so flabbergasted before but yeah he
knew what he was talking about you can
really believe them yeah i guess i guess
you can't judge a book by it's cover you
can't judge an irishman by his clover
good Chris how long would it take you to
block law if you kept calling you your
grasshopper every time beats every city
call me that forth if you call me that
four months every sentence well no brah
like if I was hanging up with him for
like four hours straight I'd get pretty
mad by the end of it what if you
like a little bit every couple of days
that he would sit but he would still say
it every sentence okay what do you get
for leaving the third time he said I'd
be like what is Twitter confront what
you said I'm just telling you just say
what does that mean and if you didn't
tell me then if you went all right you
just kept doing it all right go right
Brandon and be like I'll pull a knife on
you would [__] I would explain the
situation calmly and concisely and I'm
pretty sure that anyone would be on my
side because I asked you why you were
saying young grasshopper they actually
you should know better jesus [__]
christ do I need to spell this out for
you young grasshopper cycle for you man
yeah go for it
yeah you get grounded heater switch take
it away for one week what do you do oh
man I probably I probably try to do
chores to get it back and then when
mom's not looking I [__] [__] kick
her in the balls I'd go to Walmart and
buy great duct tape and tie her up and
then slit at her mouth like with a
little stove you [__] ass Oh take it
I would take how come he killed me so
much fast cuz exactly I was doing really
good it just didn't look like it see now
you thought you were so cool I want to
play the game you [__] idiot I know
better
that's not what I said I said I said
listen you you can worry about all this
namby-pamby knowing where to go stuff
and I'll worry about the big masculine
combat because that's what I'm better at
where the [__] is go right right now
there well couldn't I suck his way to a
paper bag let alone play this [__]
game follows get to toilet check up the
torch the torch and go down that hall
follow the curve follow the curve go to
you Giga good now go now you're in the
oxygen axe over here that's where you
fall down later okay remember remember
Lyle wake up remember wake up is
remembering well you remember
well someone said that you got Jimmy
Neutron here and now I can't unsee it
this weird really stated about Lyle on
the online it was yeah I'm not gonna say
who it was but all I'll say is that he's
dating her oh is that really what we
said yeah you try to [__] pick at the
fibers of my relationship right here is
my scabs and eat them that's actually
disgusting look out I'm bringing in the
Olympic torch this is the guy that's
special guest blog baby breeze
whoa uh did you throw that no is a
glitch in your move I was holding it in
the wall like that look it shoots it out
it Jex from your little hands this
little baby's better shape than I am
he's athletic and he runs everywhere he
does run everywhere I don't even do that
yeah he's just got Forrest Gump syndrome
where he just be fair most video game
characters do that whoo-hoo [__] you
dick oh my god oh my god [__] [__] [__]
dude get out Christ no [__]
sure yeah maybe that's the only way you
can hit him but right you've got a very
clear shot on him right easier if you
know where to aim is it get bounced off
of his little club from I don't know if
that thing that's physics to it yeah I
don't know either here [__] you shitty
game one of them is nice I'm [__]
love it